added sk translations and number formats (#6580)
plotly/plotly.js: draftlogs/6580_change.md

>  - added translations and number formats to `sk` locale [[#6580](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6580)]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Update translations and number formats to `sk` locale [[#6580](https://github.com/plotly/plotly.js/pull/6580)], with thanks to @Libco for the contribution!
```
